Updated OCM-role requirements throughout the ROSA docs (#107845)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-classic-prerequisites.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * rosa_install_access_delete_clusters/rosa_getting_started_iam/rosa-creating-cluster.adoc
// * rosa_install_access_delete_clusters/rosa-aws-privatelink-creating-cluster.adoc
// * rosa_install_access_delete_clusters/rosa-sts-creating-a-cluster-with-customizations.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="rosa-classic-prerequisites_{context}"]
= {product-title} prerequisites

[role="_abstract"]

> Before you can create a {product-title} cluster, you must complete the following prerequisite steps. Each link provides detailed instructions for completing that specific prerequisite:

Reviewer: optional: 
```suggestion
Before you can create a {product-title} cluster, you must complete the following prerequisites. Use each link to find detailed instructions for completing that specific prerequisite:
```
